# napari documentation working group

- Zoom meeting: https://czi.zoom.us/j/96831524360 (even if it says that it's the one for september 15th.)
- Link to the HackMD: https://hackmd.io/10DKrIMhREmk9sa_QRirlg
- Content Project Board: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/12
- Engineering & Design: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/11/views/1

## 2022-03-02


### Last week's action items

- [ ] [name=Justin] prioritize issues from Tom's audit & revisit project board as a team

### Agenda

- docs deployment follow up
- LFS updates
    - last checked it was 492GB/450GB
    - main issue with repo size fixed in [#4183](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4183)
- [name=Draga] [Docs contributor's guide](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4168)
    - need review
    - workflow for users with no git experience is problematic as they can't upload images
        - we should suggest that these users upload to "GHIFs" and then maintainer can clean up and add to LFS
        - autogenerated images definitely preferred
        - can we figure out a way to test for images in PR
- [name=Tom] Round up of action items from docs audit
    - Getting Started
        - would be nice to add some more descriptive text to getting started index
            - what can be learned from each document
    - Tutorials index
        - The only way to know what falls within tutorials is to browse the left side nav
        - Not necessarily a bad thing
    - How to guides
        - Again index could use some descriptive text
    - In-depth Explanations
        - Perhaps a "disclaimer" flagging that it's more complex content
        - Reorganizing to be more hierarchical in progression
        - Some guides are still very much usage focused (magicgui, multithreading, 3D inter, events reference, preferences)
        - Could be split into "usage" and "developer/architecture/design"
    - Community
        - Small paragraph listing core devs, working groups, upcoming meetings?
        - Metrics about number of developers/contributors would be of interest
        - Melissa suggests it could be cool to have a more personable team page: https://numpy.org/teams/
        - Also would be great to show stats about contribution and movement e.g. https://devstats.scientific-python.org/
            - Ben is working on a lot of content in that department
    - Table of contents within index pages is a bit odd
        - We should be giving context for each link
        - Surfacing more detail would be a better use of the space
        - TOC is produced by toc directive on each page
    - Index reads like a README so we really need a dedicated effort here
        - "we want to sell it, not give people work"
        - lots of comments about "this is a visualization tool but there's no images on the home page"
        - Tiffany is assisting with teasing out the value props for napari and how we can expose on index page
    - Do we have any idea of "hardware requirements"
        - super data dependent
        - some pieces of software give recommendations on hardware for different data sizes
        - but this is difficult for napari because it's work currently in flight and also dependent on plugins
        - Maybe there's scope for a 'getting the most out of hardware' guide that discusses multithreading, data formats, etc.
        - Could also add some text to index about "you can run this on any machine, follow this guide to get the most out of your hardware"
- [name=Chi-Li] [napari.org tutorial content project plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11t1dRhQBY_nXlrDVzetVneByvHexOZfAPrJyPGYAxcQ/edit?usp=sharing)
    - content prioritization & engagement channel prioritization needs to be discussed
    - tentatively next week if people can attend

### Next week's action items

- [ ] Juan to "lock down" repo 
- [ ] Melissa will migrate issues from napari.github.io, close PRs and update README to point back to napari/napari
- [ ] Draga to open PR for "add doc git-free" with new suggestion for images
- [ ] Melissa will open issue about possibility of failing test if images are added to PR without lfs
- [ ] Melissa will work on gallery/examples
- [ ] Melissa & Tom will pair on outstanding audit items, converting to issue with checklist and putting together PRs
- [ ] Draga will write up discussion starter for index page and mention at community meeting
- [ ] Chi-Li will post on zulip docs channel about prioritization of content & engagement channels next week

------


At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/new/main/2021/working-groups/documentation
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
