## 2022/05/19

### Agenda

- Revisit action items
- Andy: consider splitting arch wg into focused projects
    - E.g. style, slicing, more?
- Grzegorz: https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4419
    - Some potential changes to arch, probably a good idea to comment


### Action items

- Andy: communicate with docs working group about prioritizing core/architecture dev docs (e.g. events)
