# Napari developer meetings

## 2022-01-27

### Last week's action items

### This weeks Agenda

- [name=Nick] 0.4.14 release
- [name=Nick] Support directories through plugin reader API [#4016](https://github.com/napari/napari/discussions/4016)
- [name=Andy] Arch WG update
- [name=Genevieve] Quick introduction, Andrew Boyd (cryo-EM centre at Monash)
- [name=Isabela] Hoping to help the community add alt text to images in the near future. Do you all have images you'd like included?
    - Current proposals: napari docs, possibly napari hub plugins

### Last weeks Agenda

- [name=Nick] Release process
    - "first tuesday of every odd-numbered month" for an rc, following tuesday for release, as a rule of thumb.
- [name=Andy] Architecture WG update
- [name=Nick] Docs build
    - [Comments on git-lfs and summary of current workflow](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/3529)
    - Things that are unclear: can we allow contributors to *not* install git-lfs? What happens if we want to remove git-lfs from the repo in the future? Bandwidth costs are also unclear.
    - Things that are unclear: what happens when you remove git-lfs from a repo and refer to a commit that was made with git-lfs?
- [name=Andy] Plugin accelerator workshop in Feb




## New action items

------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
