# Napari developer meetings

## 2022-03-03

### This week's Agenda
- [name=Draga] Docs update
    - [Contributor's guide](https://napari.org/developers/documentation/index.html) merged (feedback still welcome!)
    - We'll be updating the landing page to better expose napari's value proposition. Weigh in on [this discussion](https://github.com/napari/napari/discussions/4191)
    - Docs wg will be working on content prioritization next week's wg meeting so please join if you are interested!
- [name=Chi-Li]: Community working group?
    - main goals: (1) ensure community involvement (2) facilitate knowledge and material sharing
    - [Alister's proposal so far](https://hackmd.io/2T3ZmqP8RpyrOvCd47S5yw?both)
        - We want to encourage new community events to be run, and support the community to run them effectively
        - We don't want to 'require' core dev participation, but we want to
            - make it clear that core devs do love helping out with community events and you should reach out to us
            - highlight that if your event is focused on contributing back to the codebase it would be strongly recommended to reach out
        - Big +1 to docs providing resources for planning an event
        - Possibly we want to enforce that if you're using the name 'napari' we want you to abide by code of conduct (or at the very least define a code of conduct)
- [name=Andy]: arch working group updates.
    - PR for review: https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4198
    - Layer/data/async project: https://github.com/orgs/napari/projects/16/views/1
- [name=Ziyang]: "Known Issues" in release note
    - sometimes it's not feasible (or wise) to fix all bugs before release
    - not always reasonable to delay release to fix everything
    - perhaps we can add "known issues" to release notes
    - [Current release process docs](https://napari.org/developers/release.html)
- [name=Jun, on behalf of Jaime]: request for feedback on bundled app
    - If anybody wants to review the installers for the soon-to-come RC, please check out these artifacts (https://github.com/napari/napari/actions/runs/1923160776) and report the result of the code below to https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/3555
        ```
        # Open napari from the shortcut and in the console, run:
        import sys, os
        print(sys.executable)
        print(sys.prefix)
        print(*os.listdir(sys.prefix), sep='\n')
        print(*os.listdir(os.path.join(sys.prefix, "..", ".."), sep='\n')
        ```
    - If anybody cares about conda packages, feedback on https://github.com/conda-forge/napari-feedstock/pull/32 is appreciated.
    - If anybody cares about EULA and SEO; please refer to https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/4185
- Discussion: hosting [#4189](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4189)

### New action items


## 2022-02-24

### Last week's action items

### This weeks Agenda

- [name=Nick] 0.4.15 rc plan
- [name=Isabela] UX/UI for bundled app update [napari/napari #4120](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4120)
- [name=Jeremy] [napari docs workflow](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/4151) and [sphinx theme progress](https://github.com/napari/napari-sphinx-theme/milestone/1)
- [name=Pam] dataframe viewer [see PR](https://github.com/napari/superqt/pull/57)


### Last weeks Agenda






## New action items

------

At the end of the meeting:
- Copy the contents of this document to a new file in https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes
- Clear out the Agenda from last meeting
