Meeting Minute 2022-03-16
===

###### tags: `working-group` `plugin`

:::info
- **Date:** 2022-03-16
- **Agenda**
    - [last week](https://hackmd.io/QU2xdTGJQ4-B_j8-9VvmYg)
    - shim prs
        - npe1 dep strategy
        - difficult cases
    - analysis workflow discussion from community meeting
        - can we define specs around common analysis stages
        - how to actually do something here
- **Participants:**
:::
- #109
    - needs rebase but basically ready to go
    - there's a bit of walking forward the npe2/napari interface
    - nice to have with_stack get communicated back to reader interface one day

- Readers
    - desirables
        - byte buffer
        - streaming
        - separate filetype inference
        - async
        - slicing/sub-region query
        
- Writers
    - desirables
        - buffer api
        - streaming
            - [aicsimageio](https://github.com/AllenCellModeling/aicsimageio/issues/386)
<!-- Discussion goes here-->

- Shim
    - behavioral
    - sticker strat for dep

## Next steps
<!-- Action items go here -->

## Notes 
<!-- Other important details discussed during the meeting can be entered here. -->

- [ ] After the meeting add the minutes to the 'working-group/plugins' folder of [napari/meeting-notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes).

## Links

* [Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18zNXI5M2VjNnZ0cDhzbWhtN2R2NXVvdDB2NEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
* [HackMD space](https://hackmd.io/team/napari-wg-plugin)
* [Recorded meeting notes](https://github.com/napari/meeting-notes/tree/master/2021/working-groups/plugins)